Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
Nearly a hundred abortion mills have been closed
in America since Roe was overturned.
An appeals court says President Trump
can defund Planned Parenthood's abortion business,
and a teacher in Ireland will spend Christmas
in jail for his beliefs.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly, in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps,
and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits,
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
Nearly 100 abortion mills have been closed
since the overturn of Roe versus Wade
by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Life News reports that since the 2022 overturning of
Roe
in the famous case of the Supreme Court, Dobbs,
a total of 100 independent clinics have closed
nationwide.
Sadly, 60 other clinics have opened in blue states
during the same time period.
But Planned Parenthood has closed 48
of their abortion centers this year, mostly in blue
states.
So the net overall is about 88 abortion clinics
have been permanently closed
as a result of the Roe decision.
A number of independent abortion clinics,
not affiliated with Planned Parenthood necessarily,
that have ceased operations just this year in 2025
has reached 23 as of October of this year.
Nearly double the 12 closures that were last year in '24
and matching the 23 closures from two years ago in '23.
The report now comes as a pro-abortion group,
Abortion Care Network.
These are their own numbers reporting
and focuses on abortion centers that are not affiliated
with the Planned Parenthood Abortion Company.
The non-Planned Parenthood abortion mills kill 58%
of the babies whose lives are ended
in surgical or procedural abortions.
The closure of a lot of these clinics
represents a significant step forward
in the protection of unborn babies
as fewer facilities mean that fewer places
are now killing children.
The pro-abortion group admitted
that their own funding shortages are emerging
as the dominant factor driving the closure
of their facilities.
However, 396 abortion mills still remain open in
America.
In other news, donations to abortion funding nationwide
have dwindled.
Since the initial post-dodge surge,
there was a lot of sympathy, but now that is evaporated.
One major provider, the National Abortion Federation
Hotline
is slashing its monthly budget
for funding abortions in half.
They used to give $6 million to kill children,
now only $3 million.
Despite the good news, the pro-abortion groups say
that tens of thousands of babies are sadly still killed
in abortions every month.
It says the monthly abortion numbers range from 98,630
in the first half of this year, 2025,
making it clear that the proliferation of the abortion
pill
and the very difficult economy over the last few years
have driven up the number of abortions performed.
The group says self-reporting of abortion figures
is actually higher with some accounts for the increase.
That's the news.
Our thanks to lifenews.com for that report.
We're now learning that as these surgical abortion
clinics
are being forced to close in some places,
'cause it's expensive to run those,
the abortion by mail pill without a prescription
is becoming more popular and more children are dying
as the devil finds a way, right?
When good tries to find a way,
the devil also tries to find a way.
So we need to defend the unborn.
Here's what the Bible says in Psalm 82.
Defend the poor and the fatherless.
Do justice to the afflicted and the needy.
Deliver the poor and needy.
Rid them out of the hand of the wicked.
Those babies are in the hand of the wicked,
sometimes with knives in their hands, right?
Going in there to try and suck the baby out.
No, we need to defend the poor and the needy
and rid them from the evil hand of the wicked
who is trying to kill.
Let us pray.
Father in heaven, we pray in Jesus' name
against the demonic, against the evil
that is inside of some people, even in our government,
who is trying to fund this with our taxpayer dollars,
who is trying to liberalize the accessibility
of abortion pills to teenagers with no prescription,
no doctor's visit, no parental consent.
Just kill your baby.
We'll send you the pill and the taxpayers will fund it.
No, Father, we pray that this ends, that it reverses,
that every child will be wanted and born and healthy
and that the best outcome is life.
We pray this on America in Jesus' name, amen.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, a court says
that President Trump can defund Planned Parenthood.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Dr. Gordon Klingenschmitt, a former Navy chaplain,
court-martialed for praying in Jesus' name,
has written an impactful book for such a time as this,
"How to Liberate the World," a step-by-step guide
to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies
for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingenschmitt's personal story
and the success stories of 15 other patriots
who created real change will inspire you
and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of "How to Liberate the World" today
and we will include Dr. Klingenschmitt's DVD set,
"How to Become an Effective Christian Activist."
Dr. Klingenschmitt also wants to send you
a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our
president
to remind you to keep him and our country in your
prayers.
To take advantage of this special TV offer,
call the number on your screen
or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the
seed
and you don't want it wasted,
you want it to grow with 30, 60, 100 fold
for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas
that we're doing here at Pray In Jesus Name.
I think our charity does more with less
than any other charity I know.
We are Fertile Seed.
For example, number one,
we pray in millions of television homes every day
or every weekend on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school,
we're digging wells and we're serving the poor
when you give to pray in Jesus name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom,
especially for our troops and our chaplains.
We've now helped send 5 million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
and four times in federal law.
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus name
and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor
button
at PrayInJesusName.org, your monthly gift
will help change the world in Jesus name.
Defending your religious freedom, here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our next story also comes from Life News who reports,
President Trump can, according to courts,
defund the Planned Parenthood abortion business
as authorized by Congress.
A federal appeals court last month,
held up a key provision of President Donald Trump's
signature domestic policy bill,
allowing the administration to defund
the Planned Parenthood abortion business.
You remember when Congress passed the budget,
House and Senate and President signed it,
called the One Big Beautiful Bill.
In fact, this summer, President Trump signed the bill,
which does withhold Medicaid funding from Planned
Parenthood
or other major abortion sellers,
no longer funded by Medicaid.
That delivered a major victory to pro-life advocates,
seeking to end taxpayer support for organizations
that kill babies in abortion.
Well, of course, Planned Parenthood sued.
It went to the first US Circuit Court of Appeals,
who overturned a lower court ruling,
now ruling that the defunding measure
passed by the House and the Senate and the President
in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act,
does not constitute some kind of unconstitutional
punishment
of abortion providers.
Judge Gustavo Gelpi wrote the following in his opinion,
quote, "It uses instead Congress taxing and spending
power
to put appellees to a difficult choice.
Give up federal Medicaid funds
and continue to provide abortion services,
or continue receiving such funds
and abandoning the provision of abortion services."
End quote.
In other words, Congress has the power of the purse
and the Constitution lets them spend money on some
things
and deny it to other things.
The Constitution doesn't guarantee
Planned Parenthood's right to our pocketbook,
especially if Congress says otherwise.
The provision now bars Medicaid reimbursements for one
year
to organizations that kill babies and abortions
and receive more than $800,000 in Medicaid funds
in fiscal year 2023.
Criteria that primarily targeted
Planned Parenthood affiliates.
Previously, a liberal federal judge blocked
President Donald Trump's admission
from cutting off Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood
in 22 states and Washington DC.
US District Judge Indira Talwani, a leftist judge
who was appointed by Barack Obama from Massachusetts,
had issued a preliminary injunction
against the defunding provision.
Pro-life advocates however championed the law
as a critical step to redirect taxpayer dollars
away from abortion companies,
ending federal taxpayer support to large entities
like Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood by the way, who's sued
to try and get their money back,
saw 48 of its own abortion centers close this year.
That's the news, our thanks to lifenews.com.
Wow, a three judge panel overrules a leftist judge
who says Congress can't defund it,
we're constitutionally entitled to that taxpayer money.
Oh no, you're not, especially when Congress
and the president sign a law, the spending budget,
you're just not in the budget.
I was a legislator, I was in a lot
of those budget committee meetings.
I voted no on taxpayer funding of abortion in Colorado.
But when the Democrats passed it anyway,
and they said yes to taxpayer funding of abortion,
now Colorado is paying for those abortions.
I didn't go sue, maybe I should,
but the legislature has the power of the purse
and defunding Planned Parenthood is totally legal.
The Bible says this in John 10,
"The thief does not come except to steal
"and to kill and to destroy.
"But I have come," said Jesus,
"that you might have life and have it more abundantly."
Let's pray, would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we pray for an end,
not just to the child killing,
but to the government funding of that,
to the taxpayer funding of that.
God, we pray that every mechanism at our disposal
is enacted to save lives in Jesus' name, amen.
Let's take a short break, why don't we come back?
There's a teacher in Ireland going to jail for his
beliefs.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
You know, people ask me,
"Chaps, we're watching on this network.
"We've already set our DVR to record your shows,
"but our friends don't have this network,
"or maybe they can't watch at this time.
"Did you know we are on demand on 10 different
platforms?
"You can tell your friends to find this show, PIJN News,
"on their Roku box or their Amazon Firebox.
"Just look under the religion or news categories.
"Or maybe you have a smartphone,
"or your friends or grandchildren can find us
"on Android TV, Google TV, Smart TV, or iTunes.
"Of course, we're always on the internet.
"Look for us on YouTube or Facebook or Twitter,
"or better yet, subscribe to our daily email alerts
"at PrayInJesusName.org.
"It's important that you share all of these available
"platforms with your friends,
"so we can mobilize all of the body of Christ
"to pray the news and change the world.
"Would you join us?
"Visit PrayInJesusName.org to learn more."
(gentle music)
How is your marriage doing?
Ladies, would you like to learn how to get your husband
to love you the way Christ loves the church?
Men, would you like your wife to show proper respect?
You know there's a Bible way to have a godly marriage.
I'm not saying I'm the expert,
but we interview in a four-part video teaching series,
a marriage and family ministry expert, Vince D'Acchioli.
And we go through the scriptures in four different
parts.
Part one is God's design for man and woman.
Part two is godly roles for husband and wife.
Three is sex and intimacy within godly marriage.
And also God's plan for divorce.
You wanna have this important four-part video series
available for a suggested donation of $30
if you call our toll-free prayer line at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866-Obey-God.
Or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
We're here in Israel in literally the scene
of all of the holy sites, like the Via Dolorosa
where Jesus carried his cross.
The Garden Tomb where he was raised from the dead.
The Sea of Galilee where he taught the disciples.
And I prayed, "Lord, how can I bring this inspiring
"environment into your living room?"
And what we've produced is a four-DVD disc set
with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse in all 28 chapters of Matthew
in short 12-minute segments so you can understand
the exact words that Jesus taught
from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866-Obey-God.
For a suggested donation of just $50,
we'll give you all four discs, the entire Gospel of
Matthew,
or you can write to us at the address on your screen
or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're gonna love this Bible teaching.
Pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our last story today comes from Lila Rose,
a pro-life activist who reports
that Ireland teacher Enoch Burke
will now spend Christmas in jail
because of his Christian beliefs.
He's going to jail for refusing to use preferred
pronouns.
In a transgender identifying student,
a he who wanted to be called a she
filed a complaint against him,
but he said, "No, I'm not gonna do that.
"Outside of school, inside of school,
"I carry my Christian beliefs everywhere I go."
So the school punished him.
First, they initiated a disciplinary process
saying you're not allowed to teach anymore.
But after multiple attempts to show up and teach anyway,
he was arrested and put in jail.
He's calling it religious persecution.
He and his lawyer are now on this video, let's watch.
(indistinct)
This is Enoch Burke, the teacher who has refused
to deny his Christian belief and bow to transgender
ideology.
We're here at the four courts again in Dublin
where Enoch's case was again
before Mr. Justice Brian Cregan.
And he had a number of matters to deal with today
in relation to the case.
But at the beginning, he said,
"If any member of the Burke family so much as speaks,
"they will be removed by Gardaí."
So this is the situation we are in.
Lies are being told from the bench.
Enoch Burke, his name blackened,
the constitution set at naught, the law disregarded.
And if a person so much as speaks a word,
they will be removed by a battalion of Gardaí.
- Judge Cregan today has given us a new version
of the constitution regarding religious freedom.
He said, "If Enoch Burke practiced his Christian belief
"outside the gate, this would never have happened."
He said it three times today.
So he is telling us,
"You can have your religious belief outside the gate."
But you know, that's not what the constitution tells us.
It tells us that we have a constitutional right
to the free practice and profession of our religious
belief
in our school, in our job, in our shop, wherever we are,
not according to this perverted idea
and judgment of Judge Cregan.
- The judge brought up an article that he had read
this morning on the Irish Independent by Shane Phelan.
He began to quiz Enoch on the article.
Strange, I must say.
Enoch Burke brought that issue again,
that there were lies in the judgment
of Mr. Justice Brian Cregan from the 18th of November.
Lies about a baleful, that he was a baleful
and malign presence at the school,
that he was stalking the school, its teachers and
pupils,
and that the pupils and teachers of the school
had indicated in their affidavits
that Enoch Burke was a danger, a potential danger to
them.
Now these are baseless lies.
Really, we saw a judge caught out, fumbling,
talking over Enoch, cutting across him,
saying, "Oh, that's not the word I used.
"I used a different definition of the word,"
saying that he used stalking in a figurative
and metaphorical sense.
This is outrageous behavior.
It's an outrageous abuse of power by a high court judge,
designed to slander a young man
who's standing for the constitution
for his Christian beliefs.
Now, at one point, it came out that the judge
had omitted from his judgment key parts of evidence
and had selectively used what the principal
of the school had said about the situation.
And the judge simply said to Enoch Burke, "Move on."
And it's a sad day when serious matters like this
are brought before our high court
and we're told to move on.
And we had also the issue
about the Supreme Court appeal leave application
that Enoch is intending to file,
and that's simply in relation to the shambles
of what we've seen in these courts over the last three
years.
When this case came before the court of appeal
the first day in March, 2023,
they said it had nothing to do with Enoch Burke's views
or his objection to the principal's instruction.
When it came to the court of appeal in summer this year,
in July, 2025, the court of appeal,
considering the same question,
came to an entirely different conclusion.
They said that it was about the fact
that Enoch had objected to the instruction.
It was about his views, about his Christian beliefs.
That was why he was being disciplined.
And we can't have a situation like this
where paid officers of the state, judges,
are creating a shambolic situation
for people like Enoch Burke,
going in now to be forced
into a disciplinary appeal panel meeting
in the face of such a state of such confusion
about the core issue really,
why was he disciplined by Wilson's Hospital School?
And we also have today that the judge said
that he's not going to let Enoch out
for Christmas or Easter.
- No, this is really a life sentence for my son
by this judge, a life sentence for Enoch Burke.
And now just remember this, Enoch Burke did not,
this did not begin with Enoch Burke.
This dispute began when the principal of the school
demanded that he call a child by a new name
and use the they pronoun.
It did not begin with Enoch Burke.
He was commanded to deny his Christian belief,
to give up his conscience and agree with transgenderism.
And today he's getting a life sentence
because the courts have decided to agree with the
school
and lock him up in prison.
- Enoch Burke there, he's just been packed back
into the prison and jailed
after he refused to accept transgenderism.
Stay strong, Enoch.
- So that's the news.
Our thanks to Lila Rose for that report.
Mr. Enoch Burke, sir, we discern upon you
the spirit of almighty God.
The spirit of God is upon you to speak as a prophet
in our times against the evil doers who are forcing
not just Christians to endorse transgenderism,
but children to be indoctrinated for transgenderism
by government schools.
It's the government administrators
who are pushing transgender propaganda on children.
Those are the ones that are full of the evil
and the demonic and we call you out on that.
But Enoch Burke reminds me of the prophet Isaiah
who said this in chapter 30, verse 10.
The government says to the seers, the prophets do not
see
and says to the prophets,
do not prophesy to us right things,
speak to us smooth things, prophesy deceits.
They want him silent or they want him to endorse
the transgender lies and when he won't do it, they
punish.
That's the news today.
Our thanks to Lila Rose.
Eyes resonate so much with this story.
God bless you, sir, if you spend Christmas in jail.
We pray you're released soon with God's blessing.
Let's take a short break and I'll have a word
to conclude the show.
(upbeat music)
They told me don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're gonna show you how to get $500 worth
of our teaching videos normally sold on DVD for $500,
instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website,
PrayInJesusName.org called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 2 Corinthians 5,
knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade
men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today
at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor,
you get secret back end news access
to the videos that are too hot for you too.
For $10 a month or $9.99, we're gonna give you
all of our teaching series,
The Discerning of Spirits, The Coming Apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500,
just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000,
you can have a lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
Hi, I'm Dr. Chaps.
I've been praying and teaching for years
about the baptism in the Holy Spirit,
how you can have the power of God right now
for your prophetic or power gifts ministry.
This new teaching goes through not just Acts chapter
two,
when the disciples received the power of God from on
high
and began speaking in other tongues.
But we also teach on the gifts of the Holy Spirit
and every instance we could find in church history
of the gift of tongues.
This product is brand new and available to you
for a suggested donation of $30.
Call us at 866-Obey-God to get yours today.
Or you can find it on our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
Click on the online bookstore at the top of the page,
PrayInJesusName.org, available for a suggested donation
of $30.
Or you can call us at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
We're centered following the greatest savior.
Here's Dr. Tipps.
Thank you for watching and supporting us financially
today
at PrayInJesusName.org.
This is a viewer sponsored show.
Please give today when you visit PrayInJesusName.org.
The Bible says in Luke six,
"Give and it'll be given to you,
pressed down, shaken together,
running over, it will be back into your bosom.
For the same measure you use to give to others,
it'll be measured right back to you."
As you give, God is gonna give through you and to you,
and you will be multiplied.
Thank you for giving today.
Call us toll free at 866-Obey-God.
You can give by telephone, 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D,
or just call for prayer.
It's totally free.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Tipps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077,
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now,
866-Obey-God, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
(upbeat music)
[ Music ]